Implemented the correction on the first paragraph (#471)
coderefinery/coderefinery.org: _posts/2020-07-31-mega-coderefinery.md

In May/June 2020, CodeRefinery ran a large online workshop with about
100 learners in attendance.  We overcame the challenges with some

> clever strategies, and we feel the learning outcomes were to that of in-person workshops in the typical size of 30-40 participants.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
clever strategies, and we feel the learning outcomes were similar to that of in-person workshops of around 30-40 participants.
```
